Added documentation for the dump-mpr command on mx.exe (#6797)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/general/mx-command-line-tool/_index.md

| --- | --- |
| [merge](/refguide/mx-command-line-tool/merge/#merge) | Merges the *.mpr* files. |
| [diff](/refguide/mx-command-line-tool/merge/#diff) | Shows the diff of the *.mpr* files. |

> | [dump-mpr](/refguide/mx-command-line-tool/dump-mpr) | Export the app model of a Mendix App |

Reviewer: Shall we add this command to 'Merging and Diffing Commands' section or 'App Commands' section?

Reviewer 2: It seems to me that you are exporting the package (albeit that you can never import it as it isn't a supported import format).

You even use the word "Export" in the description.

![image](https://github.com/mendix/docs/assets/35492184/e1e035cd-8d48-4650-bc1c-9c9aef9515ce)

Reviewer 2: You could change 3.4 to be "Export Commands" if you don't think that this is a 'package'

Author: It's important that the command have some coherence. If we put it with the current export commands, it stands out, as though it extract information from the model, it is not meant as an export, and the other export commands are quite similar.
I currently chose 'Merging and Diffing' due to the similarities in the other commands.  My second choice was actually app commands.
If you feel we should go with the latter Ahmed, I am definitely open to that.

Reviewer 2: @grootjans 
Perhaps the text shouldn't say "Export the app model"?
```suggestion
| [dump-mpr](/refguide/mx-command-line-tool/dump-mpr) | Create a JSON description of the model of a Mendix App |
```

Reviewer: I am ok to keep it in 'Merging and Diffing' section. And also `Create a JSON description of the model of a Mendix App` looks more descriptive than`Export the app model of a Mendix App`

Author: I'll make that change!

Reviewer: resolved

Author: Done!

Reviewer: resolved
